AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

<a name="glossary:price-list"><b>Price List</b></a>

A comprehensive list of prices offered by a service provider.

<a name="glossary:service provider"><b>Service Provider</b></a>

> An entity that made internal or 3rd party resources and/or services available for purchase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An entity that provides the [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) available for usage or purchase.
```

#### Service Provider Name

- **Definition:** Service Provider Name is the name of the entity that provides the [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) available for usage or purchase.
- **Description:** The name of the entity that made the *resources* or *services* available for purchase or consumption.
   ⚠️ **Note:** Consider revising the Service Provider Name description!

#### Provider - DEPRECATED

- **Definition:** Provider is the name of the entity that makes the [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) available for purchase.
- **Description:** The name of the entity that made the *resources* or *services* available for purchase.

Reviewer 2: @ijurica 
The suggestion as presented here is good with me.  

As to the other points you make: I don't disagree with the proposed changes to the descriptions in the column markdowns, but we need to close on this PR ASAP.

Therefore, please discuss in TF2 today.

* If you can get agreement to do it, then do it live in the meeting and resolve this comment.  
* If you cannot, then resolve this comment and make a note to revisit this editorial change in a future PR.
